Add 'Occluded(bool)' window event (currently supported on X11 and Macos) (#2354)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - Added `Occluded(bool)` window event (current only supported on MacOS and X11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `WindowEvent::Occluded(bool)`, currently implemented on macOS and X11.
```

> - Added `Occluded(bool)` window event (current only supported on macos) and on macOS, added `WindowExtMacOS::is_occluded`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On macOS, added `WindowEvent::Occluded(bool)` and `WindowExtMacOS::is_occluded`.
```
I think this would be more concise, but I'm not sure to what degree we've used this sort of formulation for sparsely-supported platform-independent APIs in the past.

Author: I don't know if I agree with this. Saying "On macOS, added `WindowEvent::Occluded(bool)`" in my opinion seems to imply this windows event is only accessible on macOS. Users attempting to match `WindowEvent` will have to handle the `Occluded` event on all platforms (or just `_ =>`) , and other platforms can send this event in the future (ie [wayland](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland-protocols/-/merge_requests/99))
